[cars and buses passing by]
[car honking]
[indistinct chatter]
[playing cello]
[woman]
And back one more time.
And relax.
This is perfect here.
Yes, and we have one exercise to do.
[audience cheering]
[piano playing]
♪ You always said
That I'd come back to you again ♪
♪ 'Cause everybody needs a friend ♪
♪ It's true ♪
♪ Someone to quiet the voices in my head ♪
♪ Make 'em sing to me instead ♪
♪ It's you ♪
♪ Hate to say that I love you ♪
♪ Hate to say that I need you ♪
♪ Hate to say that I want you, but I do ♪
♪ Bad habit, I know ♪
♪ But I'm needin' you right now ♪
♪ Can you help me out? ♪
♪ Can I lean on you? ♪
♪ Been one of those days ♪
♪ Sun don't wanna come out ♪
♪ Can you help me out? ♪
♪ Can I lean on you? ♪
♪ You make me feel
Like I'm floatin' off the ground ♪
-♪ Above this little town ♪
-[woman sings along]
♪ You do ♪
♪ Look at me smile
With tears in my eyes ♪
♪ I love the way you lie ♪
♪ I do ♪
♪ Hate to say that I'm lonely ♪
♪ Hate to say that I miss you ♪
♪ Hate to say that it's dark in here ♪
♪ But it's true ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Bad habit, I know
But I'm needin' you right now ♪
♪ Can you help me out? ♪
♪ Can I lean on you? ♪
♪ Been one of those days ♪
♪ Sun don't wanna come out ♪
♪ Can you help me out? ♪
♪ Can I lean on you? ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Can I lean on you? ♪
♪ Hate to say that I'm lonely ♪
♪ Hate to say that I miss you ♪
♪ Hate to say that it's dark in here ♪
♪ But it's true ♪
♪ Bad habit, I know
But I'm needin' you right now ♪
♪ Can you help me out? ♪
♪ Can I lean on you? ♪
[vocalizing]
[continues vocalizing]
♪ Can I lean on you? ♪
♪ Hate to say that I love you ♪
♪ Hate to say that I need you ♪
♪ Hate to say that I want you ♪
♪ But I do ♪
[audience cheers]
Hello, Radio City!
Thank you so much for being here!
If you happen to know it,
feel free to sing.
♪ You're afraid to need someone ♪
♪ 'Cause you've been burned ♪
♪ You've been burned ♪
♪ Love is good until it's gone ♪
♪ That's what you've learned ♪
♪ What you've learned ♪
♪ You don't have to hide your love away ♪
♪ And I know that I'm gonna
Make mistakes ♪
♪ 'Cause leaning on somebody's
Never easy ♪
♪ I'll do what I can
To make you see that ♪
♪ This is not a temporary love ♪
♪ My heart is in my hands ♪
♪ I won't give it up ♪
♪ This is not a temporary love ♪
♪ You may not think
That I know the difference ♪
♪ But I do ♪
♪ I feel the gravity between us ♪
♪ And you can too ♪
♪ You can too ♪
♪ We don't have to hide our love away ♪
♪ Both of us are gonna make mistakes ♪
♪ 'Cause leaning on somebody's
Never easy ♪
♪ But look at me
And tell me you don't see ♪
♪ That this is not a temporary love ♪
♪ No, this is not ♪
♪ A temporary love ♪
♪ Now your heart is in my hands ♪
♪ I won't give it up ♪
♪ This is not a temporary love ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Love ♪
♪ I said ♪
♪ When the world around is caving in ♪
♪ And the winds, they keep on changing ♪
♪ Take my hand and let it spin ♪
♪ We'll hold still ♪
♪ This is not ♪
♪ A temporary love ♪
♪ This is not a temporary love ♪
♪ Now my heart is in your hands
Please don't give it up ♪
♪ This is not a temporary love ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Oh, this is not a temporary love ♪
♪ Now your heart is in my hands
Please don't give it up ♪
♪ This is not a temporary love ♪
[applause]
Well hello, New York City, how are you?
I feel very overwhelmed
because this is Radio City Music Hall.
Yes, you've heard as well, I see.
Um, and this is very crazy.
Usually when I come up on a stage,
ever since I was six or seven years old,
I'm disguised as one thing or another.
A very nerdy magician perhaps, or...
Yes.
Or a very strange Mormon missionary,
or perhaps a kid with a broken arm.
Oh, my gosh!
I'm so glad that you've appreciated
my work in Ricki And The Flash.
But this year is the first time I've come
on stage as myself, and be myself,
because you decided
to spend your night with me,
so I can't thank you enough
for letting me do that.
It's wonderful.
I grew up in a very large, very Jewish,
very musical family.
We were called the Von Platt
Family Singers in our community.
Many of them are here tonight.
My brother Henry, and my sister Hannah,
and my brother Avery,
and my parents.
So, when I decided to come out
when I was 12,
or just figured out I was gay,
I didn't really decide to come out,
it was really not a thing, no big deal.
Lemme walk you through it.
I was in eighth grade,
I was on a trip to Israel,
like you do in eighth grade...
when you're a Jew.
And a kid in my class,
on my bus, during the trip
made a comment to the effect of, like,
"Oh, Ben is so lucky, because he's gay,
so he gets to hang out with all the girls,
and they let him in their hotel rooms,
and they don't care..."
And it was not a derogatory thing at all.
It wasn't bullying, it was just true.
Like, all my friends were girls,
and they let me hang out with them.
But the chaperone overheard this
and thought it was a bad bullying incident
and was gonna tell my parents,
and I was like,
"Lemme not have this be the first time
that we discuss this.
I don't want it to come up in this way,
I want to get ahead of it."
So I went back to my hotel in Tel Aviv,
called my parents.
I don't know what time it was for them,
but it was important.
And I said,
"I have to tell you something."
And my mom goes,
"Is this about your sexuality?"
I was like, "Let me finish!"
And basically she said,
"We know, you spent most of your childhood
dressed as Dorothy from Wizard of Oz.
No one is surprised."
I was like, "Oh, that's great."
She said, "I have all these books
on my bedside table, I wanna read them."
Which I thought was strange.
And then she handed
the phone to my father,
who said, "Are you being safe?"
And I said, "I'm 12,
I don't know what you mean!"
And that was really it.
And I really wish
for everyone in the world,
everyone who's watching at home,
everyone here tonight,
that it can be that much of a nothing.
Because it doesn't need to be an event,
or an announcement...
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
I agree. I thought you might,
given that we're in New York City.
Is there any queer people here tonight,
perchance?
[cheering]
When I was 18 years old,
I dated someone who was in the closet,
which, if you ask your queer neighbors,
is sort of a rite of passage.
I think we like the challenge,
or something.
Some of his embarrassment
and discomfort rubbed off on me,
and I really didn't like that.
And I looked back on that experience,
many years down the line,
when I was writing this album,
and I wrote this next song
about how I wish I had approached
that person and that experience,
and how I would have spoken to him
if I had had all of the knowledge
and confidence
that I now have as a medium adult,
and it's called "Honest Man."
[piano line starts]
♪ There's something about you
In moonlight ♪
♪ But your eyes go so well with the day ♪
♪ You won't let go of your layers ♪
♪ But your power can strip me away ♪
♪ It's easier for us to hide ♪
♪ If you come out, then so will I ♪
♪ Promise that I'll meet you halfway ♪
♪ 'Cause I see every part of you ♪
♪ And I can tell you see me too ♪
♪ By the way that you say my name ♪
♪ I am an honest man ♪
♪ Why can't you take my hand? ♪
♪ I'm not what you planned ♪
♪ But I'm a safe place to land ♪
♪ I am an honest man ♪
♪ You're so afraid of tomorrow ♪
♪ So you build your walls up today ♪
♪ You won't believe that you're ready ♪
♪ But I'd never lead you astray ♪
♪ It's easier for us to hide ♪
♪ If you come out, then so will I ♪
♪ Promise that I'll meet you halfway ♪
♪ 'Cause I see every part of you ♪
♪ And I can tell you see me too ♪
♪ By the way that you say my name ♪
♪ I am an honest man ♪
♪ Why can't you take my hand? ♪
♪ I'm not what you planned ♪
♪ But I'm a safe place to land ♪
♪ I am an honest man ♪
♪See me as I am ♪
♪ Show me that I can ♪
♪ You make me an honest man ♪
♪ I know I've played with hearts before ♪
♪ Don't have the heart
To play with yours ♪
♪ I only swear to do the best I can ♪
♪ 'Cause when you put your trust in me ♪
♪ How beautiful our love could be ♪
♪ If only you would take a chance ♪
♪ I am an honest man ♪
♪ Why won't you take my hand? ♪
♪ I'm not what you planned ♪
♪ But I'm a safe place to land ♪
♪ I am an honest man ♪
♪ Why won't you hold my hand? ♪
♪ I'm not what you planned ♪
♪ I'm a safe place to land ♪
♪ I am an honest man ♪
♪ See me as I am ♪
♪ Show me that I can ♪
♪ You make me an honest man ♪
♪ I've said all I can ♪
♪ I am who I am ♪
♪ And I am an honest man ♪
[applause, cheering]
[new melody starts]
You knew there'd be a stool.
♪ I'm sure it was nothing ♪
♪ But you never used to bring
Somebody else along ♪
♪ It used to be our thing ♪
♪ Going to a movie, then we wander home ♪
♪ All these little landmines ♪
♪ All these little things
That one can read two ways ♪
♪ Like when you take every call outside ♪
♪ Seems that I've forgotten
How to read your face ♪
♪ But I know you too well ♪
♪ To get it wrong ♪
♪ If you have to hurt me ♪
♪ Hurt me once ♪
♪ If you have to end it ♪
♪ Get it done ♪
♪ You have all these choices ♪
♪ I have none ♪
♪ You're all that I have to lose ♪
♪ Couldn't hurt you if I wanted to ♪
♪ I've decided on you ♪
♪ If you keep it going ♪
♪ Then one by one
The memories will start to blur ♪
♪ You'll ruin the good ones ♪
♪ But I guess my photo album's
None of your concern ♪
♪ Don't humor me with kindness ♪
♪ There's nothing kind about
A hundred small betrayals ♪
♪ If you love me at all ♪
♪ You'll kill it now ♪
♪ If you have to hurt me ♪
♪ Hurt me once ♪
♪ If you have to end it ♪
♪ Get it done ♪
♪You have all these choices ♪
♪ I have none ♪
♪ You're all that I have to lose ♪
♪ Couldn't hurt you if I wanted to ♪
♪ I've decided on you ♪
♪ And if I'm disappointed ♪
♪ It's 'cause you're not
The person I knew ♪
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ I'd be kinder than you ♪
♪ I'm sure I'll forgive you, and soon ♪
♪ I'm ashamed but I'm proud of it, too ♪
♪ I decided on you ♪
So, listen...
Umm... [chuckles]
Decided to have one Beyoncé, a little...
sort of... not...
I-- As you can tell by the last song,
I really love to be in my feelings,
as it were,
use the music to process those sad things,
which is important,
and we should all do that,
but I also think music is meant
to help us feel ourselves.
Is anyone feeling themselves
this evening at Radio City?
[cheering]
Yes!
Cool, me too!
Given that we're at Radio City--
One time, I dated this fellow,
and he wasn't very nice to me,
didn't treat me with a lot of respect.
So... I wrote this song,
and I felt a lot better.
[energetic melody plays]
♪ Wish that I'd known  ♪
♪ This feeling was coming ♪
♪ When I was crying ♪
♪ Over you ♪
♪ Now that you're gone ♪
♪ I carry nothing ♪
♪ It feels like flying ♪
♪ Boy, I used to throw a party
Over every little thing you'd do ♪
♪ Never going back
Never going back to that ♪
♪ Heartsick little lover boy
Who went and lost himself in you ♪
♪ 'Cause now I'm feeling so brand ♪
[back-up singers] ♪ New ♪
♪ New ♪
♪ I've never felt so brand ♪
-[back-up singers] ♪ New ♪
-Say what?
[back-up singers] ♪ New ♪
[Ben] Okay.
♪ New ♪
♪ I never felt so brand ♪
♪ I paid a price ♪
♪ Worked and I wallowed ♪
♪ Burned all your letters ♪
♪ Just for fun ♪
♪ All of that time ♪
♪ Is easy to swallow ♪
♪ Now that I'm better ♪
♪ And somewhere in your room ♪
♪ I left my virtue and my favorite shoes ♪
♪ I don't want 'em back,
Never give 'em back to me ♪
♪ You can walk a mile in 'em ♪
♪ Tell me how they feel on you ♪
♪ I'll be busy being so brand ♪
[back-up singers] ♪ New ♪
♪ New ♪
♪ I've never felt so brand ♪
[back-up singers] ♪ So brand new ♪
♪ Never felt so brand ♪
♪ So ♪
♪ Brand new ♪
♪ So brand new ♪
♪ I never felt so brand ♪
♪ New ♪
♪ Never felt so brand ♪
-[back-up singers] ♪ New ♪
-Hey!
[back-up singers] ♪ New ♪
[Ben] ♪ New ♪
♪ Never felt so brand ♪
♪ So brand new ♪
♪ I've never felt so brand new ♪
[applause, cheering]
So, wherever that fellow is now,
I hope that your life is one long line
at the DMV.
Just kidding, I hope you're well...
Forgiveness.
So...
As you can tell by our little sort of...
extraterrestrial living room situation
we have going on,
I really wanted this to feel
as warm and welcoming as possible,
and that you felt comfortable,
and could have a good time,
we could get to know each other,
because I don't get to do that
when I'm playing a character.
Excuse me, water burps.
So I just want to share some facts
with you about myself
that you might not know otherwise,
just while we're here,
so that you can leave feeling like
you got a glimpse of who I am.
Uh, I think that cats
are the devil's children.
[cheering]
Wow!
Wow.
Some cat haters.
Bold. Uh, I just don't get them.
They just sit there and make me sneeze.
I, uh... What else?
One time in eighth grade,
I was at the mall,
at the Discovery Channel store.
I don't know if you know that--
If they had that here.
We used to go
for the massage chairs a lot,
and there was this Halloween
cauldron glass thing,
and I was like, "This is like Wicked."
So I did this Elphaba over it,
and then I knocked it over, shattered it,
and got kicked out of the mall.
One time when I was
at Jewish summer camp--
Anybody go to Jewish summer camp,
perchance?
The Harry Potter books
all usually came out during the summer
and the sixth one came out,
and mine wasn't coming in the mail,
Mom and Dad,
and everybody else's was coming,
and I was hearing about
what was gonna happen
and I was getting really upset,
so in the dead of night,
there was another kid in my bunk
whose name was also Ben--
I stole his copy
and I wrote my last name in it.
And I got away with it.
So... to Ben something-Jewish-last-name,
I'm very sorry.
What else?
One time, I went on a trip
with my best friend Molly,
and we had these weed gummies,
like, the little square weed gummies,
and it's like a square,
but you're supposed to pick off a corner
and eat it,
but I thought it was like,
"I'll pop the whole square." Um...
And given my general Judaism and anxiety,
I don't do well in that situation.
So it didn't go well. I started to panic.
I was asking her, "How long--
Like, how long has it been?"
She's like, "30 seconds
since you last asked me."
And then... What else happened?
All of a sudden I was like, "I need
crab cakes. have to eat crab cakes."
And so she ordered some to the room.
I was like, "I can't interact
with the man bringing them."
So I hid in the bathroom while they came.
And then they came,
and my mouth was so dry
because of the gummy
that it just fell directly out of
my mouth. I couldn't even swallow it.
Anyway, we're all friends now.
Lastly, I never understood
the stakes of sports, really.
I used to play soccer when I was a kid.
My parents wanted me to be well-rounded.
They encouraged me to try new things.
They would bribe me to go to practice
by giving me a McFlurry every time I went.
But I spent most of the games
throwing the chalk that delineates lines
up in the air as though it was fairy dust.
So... there were some clues.
When I'm in my own living room at home,
I like to sing songs by other artists,
which I'd love to do now.
One of my favorite artists--
Also a queero of mine,
if you will, trademark--
Her name is Brandi Carlile...
[audience cheers]
Yes, I agree.
And she wrote
this wonderful, fantastic song
that I think everyone
has really found themselves in.
It's called "The Joke,"
and I'd love to sing it for you now.
[playing piano]
♪ You're feeling nervous
Aren't you, boy? ♪
♪ With your quiet voice ♪
♪ And your impeccable style ♪
♪ Don't ever let them steal your joy ♪
♪ Or your gentle ways ♪
♪ To keep them from running wild ♪
♪ They can kick dirt in your face ♪
♪ Dress you down and tell you
That your place is in the middle ♪
♪ When they hate the way you shine ♪
♪ I see you tugging on your shirt ♪
♪ Trying to hide inside of it ♪
♪ And hide how much it hurts ♪
♪ Let 'em laugh while they can ♪
♪ Let 'em spin ♪
♪ Let 'em scatter in the wind ♪
♪ I have been to the movies ♪
♪ I've seen how it ends ♪
♪ And the joke's on them ♪
♪ You get discouraged, don't you, girl? ♪
♪ It's your brother's world ♪
♪ For a while longer ♪
♪ You gotta dance with the devil
On a river to beat the stream ♪
♪ Call it living the dream ♪
♪ Call it kicking the ladder ♪
♪ They come to kick dirt in your face ♪
♪ Dress you down and then displace you ♪
♪ After carrying your baby on your back
Across the desert ♪
♪ I saw your eyes behind your hair ♪
♪ And you're looking tired ♪
♪ But you don't look scared ♪
♪ Let 'em laugh while they can ♪
♪ Let 'em spin ♪
♪ Let 'em scatter in the wind ♪
♪ I have been to the movies ♪
♪ I've seen how it ends ♪
♪ And the joke's on them ♪
♪ Let 'em laugh while they can ♪
♪ Let 'em spin ♪
♪ Let 'em scatter on the wind ♪
♪ I have been to the movies ♪
♪ I've seen how it ends ♪
♪ And the joke's on ♪
[continues holding note]
♪ Them ♪
[holds note]
Hey!
[Ben vocalizing]
[continues vocalizing]
[vocalizing]
[audience cheering]
David, could you please give us a chord?
[David plays chord on piano]
[all harmonizing]
♪ Do you know me better? ♪
♪ Do you ♪
♪ Know me ♪
[all continue harmonizing]
[harmonious vocalizing]
[audience cheering]
♪ I don't know if you're listening ♪
♪ Or if you wanted to hear from me ♪
♪ I don't feel like you're supposed to
When somebody sets you free ♪
♪ I'm not good at pretending
That I'm happy to be alone ♪
♪ Part of me is a question
Can't answer it on my own ♪
♪ 'Cause I lost part of me
When I lost all of you, now I'm lost ♪
♪ I don't wanna come crawling, crawling ♪
♪ But I catch myself falling, falling ♪
♪ I could try to stop calling, calling
Just to show myself ♪
♪ Did you keep my sweater, sweater? ♪
♪ Did you read my letter, letter? ♪
♪ Do you know me better, better
Than I know myself? ♪
♪ Do you know me better, better ♪
♪ Than I know myself? ♪
♪ I don't feel like we're done here ♪
♪ You got a lock on the things I want ♪
♪ I'm a lost, lonely one here
Who's addicted to holding on ♪
♪ I don't have you to kiss now
And I'm putting myself to sleep ♪
♪ But it's me that I miss now
There's a me that I didn't keep ♪
♪ I don't wanna come crawling, crawling ♪
♪ But I catch myself falling, falling ♪
♪ I could try to stop calling, calling ♪
♪ Just to show myself ♪
♪ Did you keep my sweater, sweater? ♪
♪ Did you read my letter, letter? ♪
♪ Do you know me better, better ♪
♪ Than I know myself? ♪
♪ Than I know myself ♪
♪ 'Cause I lost part of me
When I lost all of you, now I'm lost ♪
♪ I don't wanna come crawling, crawling ♪
♪ But I catch myself falling, falling ♪
♪ I could try to stop calling, calling ♪
♪ Just to show myself ♪
♪ Did you keep my sweater, sweater? ♪
♪ Did you read my letter, letter? ♪
♪ Do you know me better, better? ♪
♪ Do you know me better, better ♪
♪ Than I know myself? ♪
♪ Than I know myself ♪
♪ I don't wanna wait any longer ♪
♪ For the feeling of getting stronger ♪
♪ Maybe that's why
I wrote a song for you ♪
♪ 'Cause you know me better, better ♪
♪ Than I know myself ♪
Thank you.
That was another song
about... a torrid affair.
No, I just...
Just not my favorite situation.
But anyways, in that situation,
like in any relationship situation,
I got back on the horse right away.
I got back on the apps.
Hinge...
It's strange to be on the apps now,
because people are like,
"Are you catfishing me?"
And I'm like,
"I'm just trying to find somebody."
But...
I am--
Does anyone watch Sex in the City?
[cheering]
Good, and if you don't,
look at your choices.
I, um...
I'm a Charlotte, which means that
when I go on a good date,
one date, a first date, and it goes well,
I'm picking out china patterns,
children's names...
like, grave plots...
I go all-in very quickly.
It's been referred to before
as "stalking."
Or "deeply uncomfortable."
I like to refer to it as just
a very deep enthusiasm.
Yeah.
♪ Darling you might think it's too soon ♪
♪ But I can't get you out of my head now ♪
♪ Picturing myself in your room ♪
♪ And I wanna be with you
'Til I'm dead now ♪
♪ I want your friends to be my friends ♪
♪ I'll make you breakfast in your bed ♪
♪ I want it all with you ♪
[audience clapping in time to music]
♪ And if I'm coming on too strong ♪
♪ It's 'cause I've waited far too long ♪
♪ For someone just like you ♪
♪ I want a key to your house ♪
♪ I wanna pick up your clothes ♪
♪ I wanna clean up your mess ♪
Hey!
♪ I wanna know where you hide things ♪
♪ Wanna be in your photos ♪
♪ Wanna share your address ♪
♪ I know, I know it's too soon, too fast ♪
♪ But this could last ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I know, I know
It... it feels like love ♪
♪ So let's shack up ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I just wanna stare at your face ♪
♪ And spend quality time
With your mother ♪
♪ We can over-drink
At your favorite place ♪
♪ And we can waste
The whole next day to recover ♪
♪ I wanna watch you while you sleep ♪
♪ I know I might sound like a creep ♪
♪ But I can't help myself ♪
♪ And it's so easy to forget ♪
♪ That we have barely even met ♪
♪ But I want no one else ♪
♪ No one else ♪
♪ I want a key to your house ♪
♪ I wanna pick up your clothes ♪
♪ I wanna clean up your mess ♪
♪ I wanna know where you hide things ♪
♪ Wanna be in your photos ♪
♪ Wanna share your address ♪
♪ I know, I know it's too soon, too fast ♪
♪ But this could last ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I know, I know
It... it feels like love ♪
♪ So let's shack up ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I wanna be your emergency contact ♪
♪ You can put me down
'Cause you know I know you best ♪
♪ I know you best ♪
♪ It doesn't matter where I go ♪
♪ Without you, I'll never be home ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I wanna be your emergency contact ♪
♪ You can put me down ♪
♪ 'Cause you know I know you best ♪
♪ I know you best ♪
♪ It doesn't matter where I go ♪
♪ Without you, I'll never be home ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I want a key to your house ♪
♪ I wanna pick up your clothes ♪
♪ I wanna clean up your mess ♪
♪ I wanna know where you hide things ♪
♪ Wanna be in your photos ♪
♪ Wanna share your address ♪
♪ I know, I know it's too soon, too fast ♪
♪ But this could last ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I know, I know, this feels like love ♪
♪ So let's shack up ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
[band continues playing
instrumental melody]
♪ I wanna be your emergency contact ♪
♪ You can put me down
'Cause you know I know you best ♪
♪ I know you best ♪
♪ It doesn't matter where I go ♪
♪ Without you, I'll never be home ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I wanna be your emergency contact ♪
♪ You can put me down
'Cause you know I know you best ♪
♪ I know you the best ♪
♪ It doesn't matter where I go ♪
♪ Without you I'll never be home ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ I want a key to your house ♪
♪ I wanna pick up your clothes ♪
♪ I wanna clean up your mess ♪
♪ I wanna know where you hide things ♪
♪ Wanna be in your photos ♪
♪ Wanna share your address ♪
♪ I know, I know it's too soon, too fast ♪
♪ But this could last ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I know, I know
It... it feels like love ♪
♪ So let's shack up ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I like you ♪
♪ I really, really, like you ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
♪ I wanna share, share ♪
♪ I wanna share ♪
♪ I wanna share your address ♪
[cheering]
[back-up singers vocalizing]
♪ Most days ♪
♪ I wake up with a pit in my chest ♪
♪ There are thoughts
That I can't put to rest ♪
♪ There's a worry that I can't place ♪
♪ Most nights ♪
♪ I am restless, and quiet won't come ♪
♪ So I lay there and wait for the sun ♪
♪ There's a trouble
That won't show its face ♪
♪ You came out of nowhere ♪
♪ And you cut through all the noise ♪
♪ I make sense of the madness ♪
♪ When I listen to your voice ♪
♪ Darling, only you can ease my mind ♪
♪ Help me leave
These lonely thoughts behind ♪
♪ When they pull me under ♪
♪ And I can feel my sanity
Start to unwind ♪
♪ Darling, only you can ease my mind ♪
♪ I'll admit ♪
♪ For a moment, I felt so afraid ♪
♪ Just to show you the mess that I made ♪
♪ There are pieces I usually hide ♪
♪ But when you collect me
With your steady hand ♪
♪ With a language that I understand ♪
♪ I feel put back together inside ♪
♪ You came out of nowhere ♪
♪ And you cut through all the noise ♪
♪ I make sense of the madness ♪
♪ When I listen to your voice ♪
♪ Oh, darling, only you can ease my mind ♪
♪ Oh, help me leave ♪
♪ These lonely thoughts behind ♪
♪ When they pull me under ♪
♪ And I can feel my sanity
Start to unwind ♪
♪ Darling, only you can ease my mind ♪
Sing if you know it.
[Ben and audience]
♪ Darling, only you can ease my mind ♪
Gorgeous.
♪ Help me leave
These lonely thoughts behind ♪
♪ When they pull me under ♪
♪ And I can feel my sanity
Start to unwind ♪
♪ Darling, only you ♪
♪ Can ease my mind ♪
[Ben holds note]
[vocalizing]
That was one of the best moments
of my whole life.
But moving on...
Thank you for that.
That was so beautiful.
Hi, everyone up there. Hello!
You guys are the best!
Okay, a couple of quick things.
First of all, can we talk
about these singers for one moment?
-[cheering]
-Like...
I will never understand
why they are slumming it with me.
Secondly, it's all about transparency,
honesty, whatever...
Uh, I was peeing while that was happening.
I was indeed peeing.
You've seen all the water,
it doesn't go nowhere.
I just felt like I was being dishonest
if I didn't tell you that.
Thirdly, that last song
is very, very special to me.
As someone who deals with anxiety a lot,
which I'm sure many of us do,
living in New York and being largely Jews,
it's a song that really quells my anxiety.
So I hope it does the same for you. Um...
Now, I would love to sing a song
that is a little bit newer.
Maybe some of you know
what I'm talking about.
I just put it out this summer,
and it brought me a lot of joy...
and a lot of dance,
and I hope it does for you.
It's called "Rain."
That's right.
[clapping in time]
[Ben] You read my mind.
♪ You say you've been
Through this before ♪
♪ You gave away all your secrets ♪
♪ To someone
Who up and left you in pieces ♪
♪ I know the feeling, believe me ♪
♪ I know the prices you've gotta pay ♪
♪ I'm sacrificing my freedom ♪
♪ And all just to get somebody to see me ♪
♪ Nobody said it was easy ♪
♪ My heart's been broken and broken
And broken and broken ♪
♪ But I keep, keep on hoping and hoping
And hoping and hoping ♪
♪ That if it keeps on breaking
And breaking ♪
♪ And breaking and breaking ♪
♪ Then one day it'll open
And open and open ♪
♪ And open and open for you
Hey! ♪
♪ I know we've both been afraid ♪
♪ But we can't run from the wind
And the thunder ♪
♪ When we're dancing under the rain ♪
♪ The rain, the rain ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ I know we got what it takes ♪
♪ Ain't gonna run from the wind
And the thunder ♪
♪ When we're dancing under the rain ♪
♪ The rain, the rain ♪
♪ We're dancing under the rain ♪
♪ Breathe deep, let it wash over you ♪
♪ We're slowly becoming lovers ♪
♪ I promise you
We won't be like the others ♪
♪ We won't go running for cover ♪
♪ My heart is broken
And broken and broken and broken ♪
♪ But I keep, keep on hoping
And hoping and hoping and hoping ♪
♪ That if it keeps on breaking
And breaking ♪
♪ And breaking and breaking ♪
♪ Then one day it'll open
And open and open ♪
♪ And open and open for you
Hey! ♪
♪ I know we've both been afraid ♪
♪ But we can't run from the wind
And the thunder ♪
♪ When we're dancing under the rain
The rain, the rain ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ I know we got what it takes ♪
♪ Ain't gonna run from the wind
And the thunder ♪
♪ We're dancing under the rain
The rain, the rain ♪
♪ We're dancing under the rain ♪
♪ Broken and broken
And broken and broken ♪
♪ We're dancing under the rain ♪
[back-up]
♪ Hoping and hoping ♪
[Ben] ♪ Dancing under the rain ♪
♪ Breaking and breaking and breaking ♪
♪ Then one day it'll open
And open and open ♪
♪ And open and open for you ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ I know we've both been afraid ♪
♪ But we can't run from the wind
And the thunder ♪
♪ We're dancing under the rain
The rain, the rain ♪
[vocalizing]
[back-up] ♪ Hoping and hoping
And hoping and hoping ♪
♪ The rain, the rain, the rain ♪
♪ Dancing under the rain ♪
[cheering]
[Ben] Thank you, you're very sweet.
[audience member] We love you!
[Ben] I love you too,
and that was so well timed.
I'm gonna come down a little bit closer
for this next song, to everyone. Hello.
Hello, everybody.
Good sweatshirt.
This next song... is quite special to me,
and has kind of a multitude of meanings
that kind of crossroad.
The first being I just--
I really love my father very much.
My dad is the greatest.
He's a wonderful person.
And he's taught me many things,
not the least of which
is that being a decent human being
comes far before being a decent artist,
and it's only possible
to be a decent artist
if you are a decent human being.
And I...
I try to act that way in my life,
and he somehow
has magically maintained that
throughout his entire life.
And I really wanted to write about
how much I loved him.
And thankfully he's here tonight,
and he's very wonderful,
and very much--
I'm not gonna...
Anyway...
So that's one idea.
The other idea, which is very separate,
is saying things
before it's too late to say them.
Saying things now while we can.
We don't know what's going on.
The world's very crazy.
Particularly this country, at the moment,
is up in arms and very insane.
And I get very overwhelmed by it,
and I sometimes forget to say
to the people around me how I feel,
because I take it for granted
that they know.
And this song has now become
very irrevocably linked
to my Grandma Sue,
who passed away in the spring,
and...
She was the greatest grandmother,
just everything you could ever wish for.
The most wonderful human,
world-class back tickler...
She peed her pants once playing Twister.
She's just the most wonderful person
you could possibly imagine.
And so, naturally, the fact that this tour
came right after...
I know she would've wanted to be here.
She encouraged me to do what I love.
She always reminded me
to try to enjoy it.
She knows that I live
very much in my head.
She would always say to me
to enjoy what you're doing,
because that's the whole point.
So I'd just love to dedicate this to her.
[emotional piano melody]
♪ You put all your faith in my dreams ♪
♪ You gave me the world that I wanted ♪
♪ What did I do to deserve you? ♪
♪ I follow your steps with my feet ♪
♪ I walk on the road that you started ♪
♪ I need you to know that I heard you ♪
♪ Every word ♪
♪ I've waited way too long to say ♪
♪ Everything you mean to me ♪
♪ In case you don't live forever
Let me tell you now ♪
♪ I love you more than you'll ever
Wrap your head around ♪
♪ In case you don't live forever ♪
♪ Let me tell you the truth ♪
♪ I'm everything that I am
Because of you ♪
♪ I, I've carried this song in my mind ♪
♪ Listen, it's echoing in me ♪
♪ But I haven't helped you to hear it ♪
♪ We, we've only got so much time ♪
♪ I'm pretty sure it would kill me ♪
♪ If you didn't know the pieces of me
Are pieces of you ♪
♪ I've waited way too long to say ♪
♪ Everything you mean to me ♪
♪ In case you don't live forever ♪
♪ Let me tell you now ♪
♪ I love you more than you'll ever
Wrap your head around ♪
♪ In case you don't live forever ♪
♪ Let me tell you the truth ♪
♪ I'm everything that I am
Because of you ♪
♪ I have a hero whenever I need one ♪
♪ I just look up to you and I see one ♪
♪ I'm a man
'Cause you taught me to be one ♪
♪ In case you don't live forever ♪
♪ Let me tell you now ♪
♪ I love you more than you'll ever
Wrap your head around ♪
♪ In case you don't live forever ♪
♪ Let me tell you the truth ♪
♪ I'm everything that I am ♪
♪ Oh ♪
[vocalizes]
[continues vocalizing]
♪ In case you don't live forever ♪
♪ Let me tell you the truth ♪
♪ As long as I'm here as I am ♪
♪ So are you ♪
[cheering]
[jaunty melody starts]
♪ If you feel that it's real ♪
♪ I'm on trial ♪
♪ And I'm here in your prison ♪
♪ Like a coin in your mint ♪
♪ I've been dented and I'm spent ♪
♪ With high treason ♪
♪ Through a glass eye your throne ♪
♪ Is the one danger zone ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot for control ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot of your soul ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot ♪
♪ Lead me through the chamber ♪
♪ I am but a stranger ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot ♪
♪ Lead me through the chamber ♪
♪ I am but a stranger ♪
♪ Na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na
Na, na, na ♪
Come on!
♪ Na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na
Na, na, na, na ♪
Whoo!
♪ Well I know he's not old ♪
♪ And I'm told ♪
♪ Told that he's a virgin ♪
♪ Well he, maybe she ♪
♪ So I'm told ♪
♪ But I'm never, never certain ♪
♪ Through a glass eye your throne ♪
♪ Is the one danger zone ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot for control ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot of your soul ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot ♪
♪ Lead me through the chamber ♪
♪ I am but a stranger ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot ♪
♪ Lead me through the chamber ♪
♪ I am but a stranger ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na ♪
♪ Na na na, na na na
Na na na na na na na na ♪
Whoo! Come on.
♪ Through a glass eye your throne ♪
♪ Is the one danger zone ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot for control ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot of your soul ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot ♪
♪ Lead me through the chamber ♪
♪ I am but a stranger ♪
♪ Take me to the pilot ♪
♪ Lead me through the chamber ♪
♪ I am but a stranger ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
[vocalizing]
[continues vocalizing]
Come on! Your turn now.
♪ Na na na, na na na
Na na na na na na na na ♪
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Na na na, na na na
Na na na na na na na na ♪
Yeah! Come on!
♪ Na na na, na na na
Na na na na na na na na ♪
[vocalizing]
[sings high note]
[holds note]
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
[applause, cheering]
[exhales]
Do you like my sweat, Netflix?
That was fun. If anyone didn't know,
it's an Elton John tune.
The great, great, Elton John.
The man.
Cool.
This is so fun, I wanna slow down,
but let's keep going.
So, this song is one of my favorite songs.
I saw it on a sign earlier.
And I wrote it at a time
when I was at a crossroads
in a relationship,
when the person I was with said to me,
"I need to go and be on my own,
'cause I need to grow and become
who I'm going to be.
I need space to do that."
Shouldn't have said "grow."
And in our case that was very valid,
and it was the right thing to do.
We were great friends,
and it was the right move.
But I think a lot of times,
that's sort of a cop-out
that gets used in relationships,
whether they be platonic or romantic,
of, like, "I need to get some space
from someone,
in order to become who I am."
Hopefully,
if you're in the right relationship,
you can both find room to grow
and become who you are
and ebb and flow, and give each other
space when necessary, and...
So, if you're in that relationship now,
or you're with that person tonight,
I'm very happy for you,
and that's wonderful,
and this song is for you.
And if you're like me,
and you haven't found that person yet,
this song is also for you too.
Feel free to sing it, if you know it.
[emotional melody plays]
[Ben vocalizing]
♪ You say there's so much you don't know ♪
♪ You need to go and find yourself ♪
♪ You say you'd rather be alone ♪
♪ 'Cause you think you won't find it
Tied to someone else ♪
♪ Who said it's true ♪
♪ That the growing only happens
On your own? ♪
♪ They don't know me and you ♪
♪ I don't think you have to leave ♪
♪ If to change is what you need ♪
♪ You can change right next to me ♪
♪ When you're high, I'll take the lows ♪
♪ You can ebb and I can flow ♪
♪ And we'll take it slow ♪
♪ And grow as we go ♪
♪ Grow as we go ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ You won't be the only one ♪
♪ I am unfinished
I've got so much left to learn ♪
♪ I don't know how this river runs ♪
♪ But I'd like the company
Through every twist and turn ♪
♪ Who said it's true ♪
♪ That the growing only happens
On your own? ♪
♪ They don't know me and you ♪
♪ You don't ever have to leave ♪
♪ If to change is what you need ♪
♪ You can change right next to me ♪
♪ When you're high, I'll take the lows ♪
♪ You can ebb and I can flow ♪
♪ And we'll take it slow ♪
♪ And grow as we go ♪
♪ Grow as we go ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ I don't know who we'll become ♪
♪ I can't promise
It's not written in the stars ♪
♪ But I believe that when it's done ♪
♪ We're gonna see that it was better ♪
♪ That we grew up together ♪
♪ Tell me you don't wanna leave ♪
♪ 'Cause if change is what you need ♪
♪ You can change right next to me ♪
♪ When you're high, I'll take the lows ♪
♪ You can ebb and I can flow ♪
♪ We'll take it slow ♪
♪ And grow as we go ♪
♪ Grow as we go ♪
Thank you.
[cheering]
Sad news to report,
I have one more number for you.
-[audience] Aw!
-I know, I'd love to stay.
This has been like... I don't wanna
talk about it, 'cause I don't wanna cry,
and I have to sing another song,
but it's just like...
I look out at everybody,
and think about
what's happening right now,
and I can't believe it's my life.
Thank you so much for coming.
Thank you.
So...
[audience member] We love you!
Oh, my god. Careful, nodes! Careful!
Thank you so much, though.
So, before I tell you about the last song,
I wanna thank the people with me
one more time.
This is an incredibly scary thing to do.
And to have these people holding me
musically, emotionally,
physically, everything,
has been an absolute dream come true.
and I'll never be able to repay you
for doing this journey with me
-and playing here with me, it's amazing.
-[cheering]
So, I started working
when I was very young,
when I was about nine years old,
and I was in a real rush to grow up.
I had a lot of older siblings
who were super cool,
and I was always working
with adult cast members,
and I just always wanted to be older,
very quickly.
And I got that-- Oh, I said older,
and I got my wish.
I grew up very quickly, I started working,
as soon as I got out of high school
I started living on my own,
and the last couple years, looked back,
and was, like, a little frustrated,
'cause I was like,
"I wish I had taken a bit more time,
to be reckless,
and a little more youthful,
and not looked ahead
quite so determinedly, if that's a word."
And then I got doubly frustrated,
because I looked at all the points
in my life in which I was looking forward,
looking backward,
looking anywhere but where I was.
And as I've said a bajillion times,
I'm a very anxious person,
so I live very much in my head,
and I have a really hard time
being present where I am.
And one of the number one ways,
most special ways, for me to do that
is to sing music and play music.
So you've given me a gift by coming here
and letting me do that for you tonight.
[audience cheering]
And I hope, if anything else,
this hour and a half or whatever it's been
has helped you forget
your worries and troubles
and just be here with me.
And I hope this song does the same.
It's called "Older."
♪ I was walking down 57th Street
Towards Park ♪
♪ With the same old song
In my same old heart ♪
♪ Making plans I'm gonna do ♪
♪ When I get older ♪
♪ Passed a gray-haired man
And I found his eyes ♪
♪ It's like he knew my thoughts
And read my mind ♪
♪ Saying life is gonna find you ♪
♪ When it's supposed to ♪
♪ Felt my feet stop short
And I turned my head ♪
♪ Tried to lean into every word he said ♪
♪ Then he said ♪
♪ When you are younger ♪
♪ You'll wish you're older ♪
♪ Then when you're older ♪
♪ You'll wish for time to turn around ♪
♪ Don't let your wonder ♪
♪ Turn into closure ♪
♪ When you get older ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Have I killed my thoughts
Right before their prime? ♪
♪ Have I bit my tongue
One too many times? ♪
♪ Have I said it all
The way I really meant to? ♪
♪ If I wait till my tomorrow comes ♪
♪ Is the waiting all I've ever done? ♪
♪ And will I get to ♪
♪ Get to know myself in the place I am ♪
♪ Get to fall in love with another man ♪
♪ And understand ♪
♪ When you are younger ♪
♪ You wish you're older ♪
♪ Then when you're older ♪
♪ You'll wish for time to turn around ♪
♪ Don't let your wonder ♪
♪ Turn into closure ♪
♪ When you get older ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ When you are younger ♪
♪ You wish you're older ♪
♪ When you get older ♪
♪ You'll wish for time to turn around ♪
♪ Don't let your wonder ♪
♪ Turn into closure ♪
♪ When you get older ♪
[vocalizing]
-[harmonizing]
-[audience clapping along]
Before we leave,
I just wanna do one more chorus,
'cause I just don't wanna
leave this building with all of you.
And if you happen to know it,
please sing along.
If you don't, that's fine too.
We can just all have
one last little moment
together here before we go back
to our troubles and our lives.
I can't tell you how special and magical
this has been.
Let's sing.
♪ When you are younger ♪
[audience] ♪ You'll wish you're older ♪
♪ And when you're older ♪
♪ You'll wish for time to turn around ♪
♪ Don't let your wonder ♪
♪ Turn into closure ♪
♪ When you get older ♪
[holding high note]
[continues holding note]
[vocalizing]
♪ When you are younger ♪
♪ You'll wish you're older ♪
♪ When you get older ♪
♪ You'll wish for time to turn around ♪
♪ Don't let your wonder ♪
♪ Turn into closure ♪
♪ When you get older ♪
[vocalizes]
[audience cheering, applauding]
Oh, my god!
[man] I love you, Ben!
Okay, ladies?
[man] Yeah, stand by...
[indistinct chatter]
He's going, he's gone, I lost him,
he's gone. All right, go.
Okay, we'll do one more song.
Okay.
So...
I love you too, but please,
drink some Throat Coat.
Thank you guys so much
for all of your love
and for standing,
and all of that beautiful stuff.
It was... it's insane.
This one more song we'll play for you
is the last song on my record,
and it's the first song
I ever wrote in earnest,
from my own perspective,
and by myself,
and naturally, the first thing
that I thought to write about
was my parents.
Who, as I've said, are here.
And I'm not going to point again,
but I'm sure it's been ruined.
They are incredibly beautiful people,
and everything that I have,
I have them to thank for it.
They named me Baruch Shirah in Hebrew,
which means "blessed song."
So, well done.
It went well.
And I think it's very emblematic,
the gift of that name,
of everything that they've given me,
not least of which is an understanding
that music is something
that really can bring people together,
and can help you see someone
in a way that you don't expect to,
and see somebody's perspective.
We grew up with musical theater
in the house all the time,
and I think the greatest gift
of them giving us that
is when a character sings,
you get to see inside of them.
You get to see their soul. And...
I think I don't know what I would be like
if I didn't grow up with that knowledge,
and with their love.
So, this is inspired by them.
Thank you again for having me.
This has been so wonderful.
And this song's called "Run Away."
♪ They met at school, that's how it goes ♪
♪ Some drinks and then a rose ♪
♪ Then plans to meet again ♪
♪ He wrote her poems, songs, and prose ♪
♪ She knew that he'd propose ♪
♪ She only wondered when ♪
♪ One night, before they went to bed ♪
♪ He kneeled on both knees ♪
♪ And this is what he said ♪
♪ I may not be wise ♪
♪ And I won't save the day ♪
♪ But look in my eyes ♪
♪ And know I'll always stay ♪
♪ And I won't run away ♪
♪ I won't run away ♪
♪ Some years went by, they had a child ♪
♪ He was funny, strange, and mild ♪
♪ Their love for him ran deep ♪
♪ Some nights
His dreams would drive him wild ♪
♪ So into bed, she piled ♪
♪ To help him fall asleep ♪
♪ One night, he couldn't get to bed ♪
♪ So she kneeled on both knees ♪
♪ And this is what she said ♪
♪ I may not be wise ♪
♪ And I won't save the day ♪
♪ But look in my eyes ♪
♪ And know I'll always stay ♪
♪ And I won't run away ♪
♪ I won't run away ♪
♪ You say it's safer on your own ♪
♪ You'd rather sleep alone ♪
♪ Than grow to need me there ♪
♪ But I hope now you can see ♪
♪ What my mom and dad showed me ♪
♪ I'm not going anywhere ♪
♪ I love you more and more each day ♪
♪ To love is not to leave ♪
♪ So hear me when I say ♪
♪ I may not be wise ♪
♪ And I won't save the day ♪
♪ But look in my eyes ♪
♪ And know I'll always stay ♪
♪ And I won't run away ♪
[holds note]
♪ I won't run away ♪
[audience cheering]
[Ben, back-up singers vocalizing]
[vocalizing]
♪ When you are younger ♪
♪ You'll wish you're older ♪
♪ And when you're older ♪
♪ You'll wish for time to turn around ♪
♪ Don't let your wonder ♪
♪ Turn into closure ♪